>> Kyle Simpson: Here's another one,
and this is a bit more sophisticated.
But this is a situation many of you
probably have been in at some point or
another.
You have an object that represents some
defaults, like you see here on line 3.
And these defaults,
in this case this is for AJAX, so
I'm providing a default URL, and
a default method, and so forth.
And I store those in an object
because I want to essentially mix
those defaults with some settings
whenever I make an AJAX column.
So here's some settings that I'm going
to try to mix in with the defaults.
Which means if I provide
the URL like I'm doing here,
that's gonna override that
default URL that's already set.
But I'm not providing,
for example, the method.
You'll notice down here that I'm
not providing the method, and so
it would pick up of
default of method post.
So I essentially have these two
separate objects that I want to mix
together at the call site for
my AJAX call.
The call site down here, as you can see,
the call site is AJAX and
I'm using underscore extend.
That's the underscore
libraries version of that,
there's lots of libraries out there
that provide an extend method.
But they essentially will give you the
ability to take several different objects,
in this case like defaults and
settings, and
it first copies the defaults
into the object and
then it overrides anything that comes
through with the settings into the object.
Fairly straightforward, and many of you
have probably done the default in setting
merging objects thing like this, at least
on a few occasions, if not more than that.
The thing that bugs me about this is,
Number 1, this is very imperative,
I'm relying upon some libraries
definition of how extending works, and
it's not terribly obvious what happens
with nested objects or nested arrays.
I have to go look at the documentation for
underscore extend to remember how to
overwrite an array element that's
nested four levels deep or something.
So I thought to myself when I
first saw the structuring and
I was trying to come up with use cases for
it, the destructuring and the defaults
that you can do inside of destruction
patterns was a great use case for
replacing an API driven approach to
this to having a declarative approach.
And I call this pattern destructuring and
restructuring.
So first let me show you what it
looks like to define a function.
We would define a function,
in this case for our AJAX options,
I define a function called AJAX options.
And you'll notice that AJAX options
takes an object as its input,
and it has a whole set of properties
that it expects to see on that object.
So it expects the see URLs, and
methods, and data, and callbacks.
In any place where there's an applicable
default I just list it directly in
the destructuring pattern.
And then headers, and
I have another default, and I collect, and
I could have even listed a dot
dot dot of other properties,
in case there were other ones being passed
along we could have gathered those.
But what I'm basically doing is you
pass in an object of your settings, and
I'm using the default algorithm
to mix in any defaults where
your settings are missing,
at any level of the declarative structure.
And what i end up with then is down at the
bottom I have a whole set of individual
variables that i need to restructure
back into the new merged object.
So destructuring happens at the top,
that's what all of this stuff is up here,
and then down here, we recreate
the object structure with all the new and
mixed in values, and
that's the restructuring part.
So in other words,
in any place where I'm going to,
or would be inclined to use
something like underscore extend,
I just define a function for
that specific purpose.
And I give it a good semantic name like,
in this case, AJAX options, and
instead of maintaining my defaults for
my AJAX in a default AJAX options object,
I just have those defaults
right inside of this function,
in its destructuring parameter signature.
So you can see very clearly that
we default to the URL of this, and
we default to the method of post.
And I think this more clearly
communicates where my defaults are, and
also how my mixing will happen,
I think it is more declarative approach.
So the way you use an AJAX options,
is if you need to get out an object
that only has the defaults,
you just simply call the function
without any inputs, and
you get back an object with
all the defaults in it.
If you have a settings object,
like I have down here,
you pass to AJAX the result of calling
AJAX options with your settings object.
Your settings object goes in as the input,
it mixes with all the defaults,
you get a new mixed object back out, and
that is now sufficient to
pass to your AJAX function.
I've started doing this in any place
where I used to do something like
underscore extend.
And I found it to be a lot easier to
maintain because I can go to one AJAX
options function and
see where all my defaults are, and
how all of my mixing happens and
tweak it if something's not right.
So this is yet another sort of more
advanced usage of destructuring.
Any questions about what we've
looked out with destructuring?
Reminder, it's gonna take practice,
so if it feels too unfamiliar to you,
don't worry,
once you're practiced with it.
And hopefully it won't take you three or
four weeks like it did me,
hopefully I've taught you well
enough that within a few days of
practicing that you should start
to be able to pick that up